PLT-452: replace Docker image flow with CLI flow in PCG docs (#1405)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/02-data-center/03-vmware.md

- PCG IP requirements are:

    - Either one or three node IP addresses, depending on topology: single node PCG vs. three node (HA) PCG
    - One IP for the Kubernetes control-plane (VIP).

>     - One additional Kubernetes control-plane IP (required for rolling upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - One additional Kubernetes control-plane IP for rolling upgrades.
```

  <br />

<InfoBox>

Self-hosted Palette installations provide a system PCG out-of-the-box and typically do not require a separate, user-installed PCG. However, you can create additional PCGs as needed to support provisioning into remote data centers that do not have a direct incoming connection from the management console.

</InfoBox>

There are two supported PCG installation methods for VMware vSphere: command line interface (CLI) and OVA / OVF Template.

> ## CLI Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install PCG Using CLI
```

Palette provides an installer in the form of a CLI. This installer can be run on any Linux x86-64 system that has docker daemon installed and has connectivity to the Palette Management console as well as VMware vSphere.

> ### Setup the PCG installer CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up PCG installer CLI
```

Download the PCG installer CLI and authenticate with Palette by executing the following code snippet in a terminal.
```bash
wget https://software.spectrocloud.com/palette-pcg-installer-cli/v3.4.0/linux/cli/palette -O /usr/local/bin/palette
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/palette

palette login
```

When prompted, enter the information listed in the following table.

#### Palette Login Parameters

|**Parameter**       | **Description**|
|:-----------------------------|---------------|
|**Spectro Cloud Console** |Enter the Palette endpoint URL. When using the Palette SaaS service, enter ``https://console.spectrocloud.com``. When using a dedicated instance of Palette, enter the URL for that instance. |
|**Allow Insecure Connection (Bypass x509 Verification)** |Enter 'y' if using a self-hosted Palette instance with self-signed TLS certificates. Otherwise, enter 'n'.|
|**Spectro Cloud API Key** |Enter your Palette API Key.|
|**Spectro Cloud Organization** |Enter your Palette Organization.|
|**Spectro Cloud Project** |Enter your desired Project within the selected Organization.|

> ### Invoke the PCG installer CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Invoke PCG Installer CLI
```

> Once you have authenticated successfully, invoke the PCG installer by executing the following command. When prompted, enter the information listed in each of the following tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have authenticated successfully, invoke the PCG installer by issuing the following command. When prompted, enter the information listed in each of the following tables.
```

|**vSphere Password** | vSphere account password|
|**Allow Insecure Connection (Bypass x509 Verification)** |Enter 'y' if using a vSphere instance with self-signed TLS certificates. Otherwise, enter 'n'.|

#### VMware vSphere Private Cloud Gateway cluster configuration

1. Select and/or specify values for the following properties:
  * Datacenter
  * Folder
  * Fault Domain(s). Configure one or more fault domains by selecting values for the following properties:
    * Cluster
    * Network
    * Resource Pool
    * Storage Type (Datastore or VM Storage Policy)
  * NTP server(s)
  * SSH Public Key(s)
  * PCG cluster size: **1** or **3** nodes (HA)

2. Specify IP Pool configuration
  * Placement Type (Static or DDNS). With static placement, an IP pool is created and VMs are assigned IPs from that pool. With DDNS, VMs are assigned IPs via DNS.

##### Static Placement Configuration
|**Parameter**                            | **Description**|
|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| **IP Start range** | Enter the first address in the PCG IP pool range.|
| **IP End range** | Enter the last address in the PCG IP pool range.|

> | **Network Prefix** | Enter the network prefix for the IP pool range, e.g. 18. Valid values are in [0, 32].|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Network Prefix** | Enter the network prefix for the IP pool range. Example: `18`|
```

| **Gateway IP Address** | .|

> | **Name server(s)** | Comma separated list of DNS name server IP addresses.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Name server(s)** | Comma-separated list of DNS name server IP addresses.|
```

> | **Name server search suffixes (optional)** | Comma separated list of DNS search domains.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Name server search suffixes (optional)** | Comma-separated list of DNS search domains.|
```

##### DDNS Placement Configuration
|**Parameter**                            | **Description**|
|-----------------------------------------|----------------|

> | **Search domain(s)** | Comma separated list of DNS search domains.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Search domain(s)** | Comma-separated list of DNS search domains.|
```

3. Specify cluster boot configuration

|**Parameter**                            | **Description**|
|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| **Patch OS on boot** | Whether or not to patch the OS of the PCG hosts on first boot.|
| **Reboot node(s) once OS patch is applied (if required)** | Whether or not to reboot PCG nodes after OS patches are complete. Only applies if Patch OS on boot is enabled.|

> 

Reviewer: @TylerGillson For lines 735 and 736, you can use the wording suggested in the OpenStack md file.

> 4. Specify machine configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Specify machine configuration.
```

|**Parameter**                            | **Description**|
|-----------------------------------------|----------------|
| **No. of CPUs** | Number of virutal CPUs per PCG node.|
| **Memory (MiB)** | Memory per PCG node in mebibytes.|
| **Hard disk (GB)** | Size of hard disk per PCG node in gigabytes.|

> After this step, a new PCG configuration file is generated and its location is displayed on the console, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon completing this step, a new PCG configuration file is generated, and its location is displayed in the console.
```

```bash
==== PCG config saved ====
Location: :/home/spectro/.palette/pcg/pcg-20230706150945/pcg.yaml
```

<br />

The installer then provisions a PCG cluster in your VMware vSphere environment. The ``CloudAccount.apiKey`` and ``Mgmt.apiKey`` values in the ``pcg.yaml`` are encrypted and cannot be manually updated. To change these values, rerun the installer using ``palette pcg install``.

If the deployment fails due to misconfiguration, update the PCG configuration file and rerun the installer. Refer to the **Edit and redeploy using PCG Configuration File** section below.

If you need assistance, please visit our [Customer Support](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portals) portal.

<br />

> ### Edit and redeploy using PCG Configuration File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Edit and Redeploy PCG
```

Use the following steps if you want to edit the PCG configuration file directly and use it to redeploy a PCG.

<br />

1. Make the necessary changes to the configuration file.

```bash
vi /home/spectro/.palette/pcg/pcg-20230706150945/pcg.yaml
```

<br />

2. To redeploy the PCG, copy the following code snippet to your terminal:

```bash
palette pcg install -s -f /home/spectro/.palette/pcg/pcg-20230706150945/pcg.yaml
```

> ## OVA / OVF Template Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install PCG Using OVA / OVF Template
```

| **Parameter** | **Value** | **Description** |
|---|---|---|

> |**Installer Name** | Desired Palette Gateway Name. | The name will be used to identify the PCG instance. Typical environments may only require a single PCG to be deployed. However, multiple PCG may be required to manage clusters across multiple vCenters. We recommend choosing a name that readily identifies the environment for which this PCG instance is being configured.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Installer Name** | Desired Palette Gateway Name. | The name will be used to identify the PCG instance. Typical environments may only require a single PCG to be deployed. However, multiple PCGs may be required to manage clusters across multiple vCenters. We recommend you choose a name that clearly identifies the environment for which this PCG instance is being configured.|
```

5. Power on the VM.

> ## Tenant Portal - Launch Private Cloud Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Launch PCG
```

6. Click on **Confirm** to initiate PCG cluster provisioning. Cluster status should change to **Provisioning** and eventually to **Running**, when the PCG cluster is fully provisioned. This process can take about 10 minutes.

  You can click on the PCG widget in the UI to view a detailed provisioning sequence on the **Cluster Details** page. If PCG cluster provisioning results in errors or gets stuck, you can view the details on the **Summary** tab or the **Events** tab of the **Cluster Details** page.

  In certain cases where provisioning of the PCG cluster is stuck or failed due to invalid configuration, you can reset the process from the PCG widget.

7. When the PCG transitions to the **Running** state, it is fully provisioned and ready to handle tenant cluster provisioning requests.

8. Power off the installer OVA that you initially imported at the start of this installation process.

<InfoBox>

A PCG cluster installation automatically creates a cloud account using the credentials entered at the time the PCG cluster is deployed. You can use this account to provision clusters across all tenant projects.

</InfoBox>

> ### Upgrade VMware Private Cloud Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgrade PCG
```

Palette maintains the OS image and all configurations for the PCG. Periodically, the OS images, configurations, or other components need to be upgraded to resolve security or functionality issues. Palette releases such upgrades when required and communication about the same is presented in the form of an upgrade notification on the PCG.

Administrators should review the changes and apply them at a suitable time. Upgrading a PCG does not result in any downtime for the Tenant Clusters. During the upgrade process, the provisioning of new clusters might be temporarily unavailable. New cluster requests are queued while the PCG is being upgraded and are processed as soon as the PCG upgrade is complete.

<br />

> ### Delete a VMware Private Cloud Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete PCG
```

> The following steps need to be performed to delete a PCG:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following steps to delete the PCG:
```

1. As a Tenant Administrator, navigate to the **Private Cloud Gateway** page under **Settings**.

2. Invoke the **Delete** action on the PCG instance that needs to be deleted.

3. The system performs a validation to ensure there are no running tenant clusters associated with the PCG instance being deleted. If such instances are found, the system presents an error. Delete relevant running tenant clusters and retry the deletion of the PCG.

4. Delete the PCG Virtual Machines within vSphere.

<br />

> ### Resize a VMware Private Cloud Gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resize PCG
```

> A PCG can be deployed as a 1-node or a 3-node cluster.  For production environments, it is recommended that three (3) nodes are set up. A PCG can be initially set up with one (1) node and resized to three (3) nodes at a later time. The following steps need to be performed to resize a 1-node PCG cluster to a 3-node PCG cluster:

Reviewer: Use the same wording that I suggested for OpenStack.

1. As a Tenant Administrator, navigate to the **Private Cloud Gateway** page under **Settings**.

2. Invoke the resize action for the relevant PCG instance.

3. Update the size from one (1) to three (3).

> 4. The PCG upgrade begins shortly after the update. Two new nodes are created on vSphere and the PCG is upgraded to a 3-node cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The PCG upgrade begins shortly after the update. Two new nodes are created on vSphere, and the PCG is upgraded to a three-node cluster.
```

<InfoBox>

> Scaling a 3-node cluster down to a 1-node cluster is not permitted.<p></p> A load balancer instance is launched even for a 1-node PCG to support future expansion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaling a three-node cluster down to a single-node cluster is not permitted.<p></p> A load balancer instance is launched even for a single-node PCG to support future expansion.
```

</InfoBox>

> # IP Address Management (IPAM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IP Address Management
```

    |**Parameter**                            | **Description**|
    |-----------------------------------------|----------------|

>         | **Cloud Account** | Select the desired cloud account. <br />VMware cloud accounts with credentials need to be preconfigured <br /> in the Project Settings section. An account is auto-created as <br /> part of the PCG setup and is available for <br /> provisioning of Tenant Clusters if permitted by the administrator.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        | **Cloud Account** | Select the desired cloud account. Preconfigure VMware cloud accounts with credentials in **Project Settings**. An account is auto-created as part of the PCG setup and is available for tenant cluster provisioning if the administrator permits it.|
```
